Documentation/about.rst, before:

Big TyperNatural Project (BTP) overview
***************************************

This page describes everything about the idea itself and **abstract** things. If you wish some **technical** project info, you may be interested in [[structure]].

.. contents::
   :depth: 10

History
=======

Now I'll briefly tell you what and how inspired me to do such a thing - text based rpg game in nowadays world, and what stages I had been through while developing it. I'm developing it since 2008. It was my pro-skill to create a game as a way of **learning** new programming language. It's funny, it's interesting. And it's significantly **useful**! Cause, you know, the best way to learn language is to **practice it**. I set my goal - I do that and I learn new language. So, I had developed games firstly in Basic, Pascal, Delphi, then in lots of other languages such as C, C++, Java, then I had created web-browser games using php, mysql and javascript (html and css are stylesheet and markup languages, which I do not count as programming languages). So there was lots of languages and I do not remember all of them.

I've been developing this games and learnt different things. From how to read files up to how to create inventory and skills and items... This was really great practice. Why **was**? Because now I am actually building The Game. The real one. Because I'm in love with **python** and I don't think that I'll find anything more suitable for my current goal.

In the past it was Big Supernatural Project - big supernatural roleplaying text-based game based on CWTV Supernatural show. One version of the game was even included simultaneous play with two characters at once - Dean and Sam (two brother, main characters of Supernatural TV Show).

But when I had thought to make it real (last time it was with C++ and QT) - I understood that there're lots of licences in real world, copyrights and other crap. So, even if my game will be opensource and free (which I am direct to), if it will become awesome and famous (which is not likely to happen) some companies might be offended, litigate with me and other crap. So that was when I decided to make a game based on Supernatural world, but without any characters from TV Show (actually I was intended to make some cross-reference with them). And I thought that it would be great to have the action going in other times - in 80th, for example.

At last, when I fell in love with python and decided to make a real game like real real game, I comprehended that this was not a good idea to make a supernatural-based game. I need to write my own story - that's the way of art. I'm currently watching, reading and enjoying (in all prospects) the great saga of George R.R. Martin "A Song of Ice and Fire" (widely known for "Game of Thrones" - first book's name and TV show's name). He have inspired me that great storyline must consist thousands of characters entwined each with other and dying in packs, even most valuable heroes. And I am intended to write such a story, but in the game.

The last thing I had needed to do is to find **epic music** themes for my game, free **sounds** for game effects and fantasy **images** for my storyline. At first I had managed to find some images and music, but it was too hard to find and alongside I had realised that they are all non-free like Supernatural TV Show, for all in our world has its patents :) But I have solved my problem in some way, read below to know how.

Way of Arts
===========

I am very much all-rounded preson, I like everything to do. I like bodybuilding, I like programming, I like cooking, building electronics, recording my own music and lots of other stuff. So when the question came for music and paints, I've decided to make them all by myself. Yes, it's hard, and long, and I don't paint much (at all), but I don't have many options, and when I tried to draw something - <s>it came out pretty ugly</s> I pretty much liked it. So these are my ways of arts in making game:

* Coding - this is an art in some kind, really. I love making perfect and beautiful code.
* Music production - I'm pretty much know how to do a song
* Painting - that's my lame side, I get it. But it's never late to learn something new! :)

In the past, I've had some experience in Image-Line FL Studio, I downloaded really cool VSTs and made metal songs. But in real life they are all costs around 500 bucks, and now I am opensource man. So I decided to use Linux MultiMedia Studio (LMMS) alongside with it's basic set which is capable of producing not bad symphonic and orchestral music which I need.

As for painting, I've find very awesome program called Krita (it's opensource and crossplatform) which some do call "Photoshop killer". It has really awesome capabilities of drawing graphics, and I liked it. Now I'm buying graphics tablet and going to draw all graphics needed for my game.

.. note::
    Anyone capable of drawing and interested in, please contact me for I need help :) Of course this will benefit you only by my company and your name in titles, for I don't have much money. Any musicians and programmers are welcomed as well.

Game plot
=========

You can read more of a plot storyline on a :doc:`plot` page.

Daemons, elfs, werevolves, all kinds of beasts was actually existing, but in other world. But big disaster happend: all the worlds blended together so the war begun. POV (main character, hero, you) had been born in cruel times, when all kinds of beasts was fighting with each other, although some kind of peace was made before your birth. He had no relatives, his mother died giving birth. But he managed to stay alive. One old man found him and raised in his village which surved as fighting-againg-the-verewolves camp. The POV taught to fight and became a strong man. There the game begins.

Commit message:

Some history improvements. I am actually thinking to make this wiki robust-like, compact and striktly dry, so then I'll delete all this history... but maybe I'll left it in some archive or somewhat.

Documentation/about.rst, after:

Big TyperNatural Project (BTP) overview
***************************************

This page describes everything about the history of project startup, the idea itself and **abstract** things. If you wish some **technical** project info, you may be interested in :doc:`dev`.

.. contents::
   :depth: 3

History
=======

Now I'm going to tell you briefly what and how have inspired me to do such a thing - text based rpg game in nowadays world, and what stages I have been through while developing it. I'm developing it since 2008. It was my pro-skill to create a game as a way of **learning** new programming language. It's funny, it's interesting. And it's significantly **useful**! Cause, you know, the best way to learn language is to **practice it**. I set my goal - I do that and I learn new language. So, I were developing games firstly in Basic, Pascal, Delphi, then in lots of other languages such as C, C++, Java, then I started creating web-browser games using php, mysql and javascript (html and css are stylesheet and markup languages, which I do not count as programming languages). So there was lots of languages, I don't even remember all list of them.

I've been developing this games and learnt different things. From how to read files up to how to create inventory and skills and items... This was really great practice. Why **was**? Because now I am **actually** writing The Game. The real one. Because I'm in love with **python** and I don't think that I'll find anything more suitable for my current goal.

In the past it was Big Supernatural Project - big supernatural roleplaying text-based game based on CWTV Supernatural show. One version of the game was even made to play simultaneously by two characters at once - Dean and Sam (two brother, main characters of Supernatural TV Show).

But when I had thought to make it real (last time it was with C++ and QT) - I understood that there're lots of licences in real world, copyrights and other crap. So, even if my game will be opensource and free (which I am direct to), if it will become awesome and famous (which is not likely to happen) some companies might be offended, litigate with me and other crap. So that was when I decided to make a game based on Supernatural world, but without any characters from TV Show (actually I was intended to make some cross-reference with them). And I thought that it would be great to have the action going in other times - in 80th, for example.

At last, when I fell in love with python and decided to make a real game like real real game, I comprehended that this was not a good idea to make a supernatural-based game. I need to write my own story - that's the way of art. I'm currently watching, reading and enjoying (in all prospects) the great saga of George R.R. Martin "A Song of Ice and Fire" (widely known for "Game of Thrones" - first book's name and TV show's name). He have inspired me that great storyline must consist thousands of characters entwined each with other and dying in packs, even most valuable heroes. And I am intended to write such a story, but in the game.

The last thing I had needed to do is to find **epic music** themes for my game, free **sounds** for game effects and fantasy **images** for my storyline. At first I had managed to find some images and music, but it was too hard to find and alongside I had realised that they are all non-free like Supernatural TV Show, for all in our world has its patents :) But I have solved my problem in some way, read below to know how.

Way of Arts
===========

I am very much all-rounded preson, I like everything to do. I like bodybuilding, I like programming, I like cooking, building electronics, recording my own music and lots of other stuff. So when the question came for music and paints, I've decided to make them all by myself. Yes, it's hard, and long, and I don't paint much (at all), but I don't have many options, and when I tried to draw something - <s>it came out pretty ugly</s> I pretty much liked it. So these are my ways of arts in making game:

* Coding - this is an art in some kind, really. I love making perfect and beautiful code.
* Music production - I'm pretty much know how to do a song
* Painting - that's my lame side, I get it. But it's never late to learn something new! :)

In the past, I've had some experience in Image-Line FL Studio, I downloaded really cool VSTs and made metal songs. But in real life they are all costs around 500 bucks, and now I am opensource man. So I decided to use Linux MultiMedia Studio (LMMS) alongside with it's basic set which is capable of producing not bad symphonic and orchestral music which I need.

As for painting, I've find very awesome program called Krita (it's opensource and crossplatform) which some do call "Photoshop killer". It has really awesome capabilities of drawing graphics, and I liked it. Now I'm buying graphics tablet and going to draw all graphics needed for my game.

.. note::
    Anyone capable of drawing and interested in, please contact me for I need help :) Of course this will benefit you only by my company and your name in titles, for I don't have much money. Any musicians and programmers are welcomed as well.

Game plot
=========

You can read more of a plot storyline on a :doc:`plot` page.

Daemons, elfs, werevolves, all kinds of beasts was actually existing, but in other world. But big disaster happend: all the worlds blended together so the war begun. POV (main character, hero, you) had been born in cruel times, when all kinds of beasts was fighting with each other, although some kind of peace was made before your birth. He had no relatives, his mother died giving birth. But he managed to stay alive. One old man found him and raised in his village which surved as fighting-againg-the-verewolves camp. The POV taught to fight and became a strong man. There the game begins.
